README.md, before:


# SugarCRM CE 6.5.x

This source is a fork of SugarCRM CE 6.5.x that works (mostly) with PHP 7
and MySQL 14.14 on Ubuntu 16.04.

It looks like the Sugar people do not want to make such drastic changes
to their codebase. Rather sad, it took me half a day to make it work. I'm
hardly done, but I do get the Dashboard and it looks pretty good already.

Btw, even the commercial version (SugarCRM 7.x) is not working on PHP 7.
Ouch!

# Changes

The only changes I want to do are of three categories:

1. Make it work with PHP 7. Some functions are obsolete and need replacement.
2. Beautify the code (i.e. only use spaces for indentation, clean consistent
   indentation throughout the project, that won't be done any time soon, there
   are over 1,600 PHP files!)
3. Fix any potential bugs I can find along the way (I already fixed quite a
   few...)

# Status

The installation has a bug that I need to retest to see whether I fixed it
or not. It would not properly save the password to the database if you
make use of a different username (i.e. you specify the user to use and
its password...) This still needs to be fixed if it still isn't working.

Once installed, I can get all the way to the Dashboard. That's it for now.
Will be working on the other pages, adding contacts, managing contacts,
calendar, etc. It's a huge project so it make take some time before we
have a version that is seemless.

# Help Wanted

If you are a programmer and want to help, I'll be happy to give you access.
I still don't understand (or maybe I missed it?) why there wasn't yet a
fork of SugarCRM that works in PHP 7.

Commit message:

Added a note about the fact that non-programmers may have problems installing this version, still.

README.md, after:


# SugarCRM CE 6.5.x

This source is a fork of SugarCRM CE 6.5.x that works (mostly) with PHP 7
and MySQL 14.14 on Ubuntu 16.04.

It looks like the Sugar people do not want to make such drastic changes
to their codebase. Rather sad, it took me half a day to make it work. I'm
hardly done, but I do get the Dashboard and it looks pretty good already.

Btw, even the commercial version (SugarCRM 7.x) is not working on PHP 7.
Ouch!

# Changes

The only changes I want to do are of three categories:

1. Make it work with PHP 7. Some functions are obsolete and need replacement.
2. Beautify the code (i.e. only use spaces for indentation, clean consistent
   indentation throughout the project, that won't be done any time soon, there
   are over 1,600 PHP files!)
3. Fix any potential bugs I can find along the way (I already fixed quite a
   few...)

# Status

The installation has a bug that I need to retest to see whether I fixed it
or not. It would not properly save the password to the database if you
make use of a different username (i.e. you specify the user to use and
its password...) This still needs to be fixed if it still isn't working.

Once installed, I can get all the way to the Dashboard. That's it for now.
Will be working on the other pages, adding contacts, managing contacts,
calendar, etc. It's a huge project so it make take some time before we
have a version that is seemless.

Note that at this point, if you are not a programmer, you may still find
it rather difficult to install and use.

# Help Wanted

If you are a programmer and want to help, I'll be happy to give you access.
I still don't understand (or maybe I missed it?) why there wasn't yet a
fork of SugarCRM that works in PHP 7.
